Okay.
So the next component we're going to update will be our job filter, sidebar component.
It actually looks like we forgot to come up with a corresponding test suite for this component, so
maybe we'll add that in the next lesson.
But for now, let's open up job filter, sidebar, dot view and repeat the usual steps.
So right here I'm going to add a lang set.
That's right here.
I'm going to import defined component and that is going to come from view.
And right here, I'm going to wrap my object and pass it inside as the first argument to the defined
component.
Function.
And it looks like if I use unique job types we can see it as indeed a computed graph or in other words,
a view reactive object around a set of strings.
And the same thing applies to unique organizations.
It doesn't look like there are any errors here.
There might be a couple errors if you are referencing view components without the DOT view extension.
So in case you see that, make sure to update that here.
In our case, it looks like everything is looking good.
So we're going to close the lesson off here.
And in the very next lesson, we will add a test suite for this component.